acting boat whichever couple he chooses
will be staying in Strictly Come Dancing
so Len which couple are you going to
save well you know I thought they both
up their game
I thought they danced much better but I
think one had a little more polish and a
little more conviction on going for
Letitia and
becomes a huge congratulations
unfortunately Stephanie of Vincent's
you're out
oh thank goodness oh I know for watching
this hard work watching this is nothing
dear my hand I am in such admiration for
these glorious dancers how they do it I
do not know will it out of my misery
being so once you've given so many last
in the training I've heard from test
stubborn lazy is quite
outrageously good it's been wonderful
having you here thank you for letting me
go and thank you for having an you know
thank you
and lovely lady